contact.md, before:

[Repository](https://github.com/rollsicecream/rollsicecream.github.io) | [Website Homepage](README.md) | [Contact](contact.md)

## Where to see/contact me?

Here are ways of contacting me.

### Techlore Discussions

I am a daily user on the Techlore Discussions forum. While this isn't meant to be an instant messaging service and mainly just a forum, you can contact me with the messaging or chat button when clicking on my profile preview.

--> My profile : [Techlore Discussions](https://discuss.techlore.tech/u/rollsicecream/summary)

### PrivacyGuides forum

I also have an account on the PrivacyGuides forum. Like I said for Techlore Discussions, this isn't an instant messaging service and mainly a forum. To message me on this forum, do the same steps for Techlore Discussions, as these 2 forums are based in [Discourse](https://discourse.org), an 100% open-source forum/discussion platform that anyone can self-host!

--> My profile : [Privacy Guides forum](https://discuss.privacyguides.net/u/rollsicecream/summary)

### Signal (preferred way)

[**READ SIGNAL RULES FIRST!**](signal-rules.md)

Soon! 

### E-Mail with Proton Mail or PGP (preferred way)

Soon!

Commit message:

Adding E-Mail as contact option + fixes

contact.md, after:

[Repository](https://github.com/rollsicecream/rollsicecream.github.io) | [Website Homepage](README.md) | [Contact](contact.md) | [Signal rules](signal-rules.md)

## Where to see/contact me?

Here are ways of contacting me.

### Techlore Discussions

I am a daily user on the Techlore Discussions forum. While this isn't meant to be an instant messaging service and mainly just a forum, you can contact me with the messaging or chat button when clicking on my profile preview.

--> My profile : [Techlore Discussions](https://discuss.techlore.tech/u/rollsicecream/summary)

### PrivacyGuides forum

I also have an account on the PrivacyGuides forum. Like I said for Techlore Discussions, this isn't an instant messaging service and mainly a forum. To message me on this forum, do the same steps for Techlore Discussions, as these 2 forums are based in [Discourse](https://discourse.org), an 100% open-source forum/discussion platform that anyone can self-host!

--> My profile : [Privacy Guides forum](https://discuss.privacyguides.net/u/rollsicecream/summary)

### Signal (preferred way)

[**READ SIGNAL RULES FIRST!**](signal-rules.md)

Soon! 

### E-Mail with Proton Mail or PGP (preferred way)

Here's my E-Mail to contact me : 

**rollsicecream@proton.me**

For more sensitive inquiries, encrypt your email with my public PGP key, though Signal is a better option for that use-case : 

[**Download PGP public key**](assets/pubkey.asc)

If you use Proton Mail, you do **not** need PGP because the E-Mail would be encrypted at rest *and* in transit (as I also use Proton Mail).

If you use Mailbox, here's a guide : 

https://kb.mailbox.org/en/private/security-privacy-article/how-can-e-mails-be-encrypted-with-pgp/

If you use Tutanota, you don't have the option to use PGP, in that case, you have to send me an unencrypted E-Mail. It will be less secure as the E-Mail will not be encrypted at transit.

If you use Gmail, you have to use external tools like [FlowCrypt](https://flowcrypt.com) or [Mailvelope](https://mailvelope.com/en)

> ⚠️ **FlowCrypt is [open-source](https://github.com/FlowCrypt), unlike Mailvelope which isn't.**

> 🔵 **Mailvelope is also compatible with Outlook and Yahoo Mail, so, if you use these services, you have to go with that option.**
